[UX] Change how the ways to implement a form are called (#183)
mautic/developer-documentation-new: docs/form_hooks/getting_started.rst

.. Note:: Define the Form hooks somewhere in the DOM before the code that loads the Form.

> You'll need to view the HTML of the Form to find it's API name. The easiest way to do this is to browse to the Form's details in Mautic then click the "Self-hosted" button. Look for the following in the second box:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need to view the HTML of the Form to find its API name. The easiest way to do this is to browse to the Form details in Mautic then click the 'Self-hosted' button. Look for the following in the second box:
```

Small grammar fixes (I know this is what's there already, but it's incorrect ;) )

Author: Ready!
